journals/CRAIG_JOHNSON.MD, before:

# JUNE 7TH 2023


# JUNE 6TH 2023
    closing issues that forgor to do before.
    qq

# JUNE 5TH 2023
    Started creating unit tests as a team,
    and a little bit of css playing around in the
    evening.

    Our aha moment came when we found out we needed
    an __init__.py in the tests folder in order for
    it to be able to grab components from our parent
    directory.


# JUNE 2ND 2023
    Worked on the search box for location today

    aha moment came with using window.location.reload
    to refresh a component when updating gfrom another
    component


# JUNE 1ST 2023
    Work as a group on getting longitude and lat
    from a address // string by calling google
    geocoding api

    also pair programmed with dara on creating
    a api endpoint in our backend for getting
    pins in a radius of a long and lat

    my aha moment was when we found out why
    we couldn't get our longitude and latitude
    from the backend pin object.

# MAY 24TH 2023
    // My Bday 🎉
    Had bit of headache

    Today we worked on the pin form login and sign up
    and the logout button

    My aha moment came when we got the logout function
    from the jwt package working.

# MAY 23RD 2023
    Lots and lots and lots of bugs today no really big
    progress.

    Aha moment today did not come for me.

# MAY 22ND 2023
    Worked on CSS for Pin alone while others worked on
    different components

    Today we worked on in total the nav bar, the profile
    page, and the pin css all together.

    My aha moment was messing with the position of certain
    elements, position relative and absolute was key.

# MAY 17TH 2023
    Worked on authentication of accounts with the team

    We wrote a bunch of python trying to get authentication
    to work with our MongoDB
    We tested a bunch with the FastAPI docs but to no avail
    we ended up needing assistance.

    My aha moment today was when I became driver at the end
    and got mad confused because my mongodb wasn't working anymore
    turns out I had to delete and recreate it because I populated it
    when testing to see if it worked when we first created it. Before
    we swapped mongo versions.

# MAY 16TH 2023
    Worked on displaying a map with the google api

    We had to setup a google account to have our api be able
    to communicate the right data. We wrote a bunch of jsx and
    javascript and messed around with the key's location a lot

    The aha moment today was when we figured out the error was
    caused by a keyword being misspelled very slightly. When
    center was named correctly it all clicked together.

# MAY 15TH 2023
    We concepted how we wanted out database model to look today

    We wrote some python to try and get the layout correct as
    well as write some instructional api examples for the project

Commit message:

Final Commit for submission. Cheers everyone! We really worked hard.

journals/CRAIG_JOHNSON.MD, after:

# JUNE 9TH 2023
    Last day before the grading is over.
    Had an amazing team, feels super lucky to have them!
    Worked on a modal today but that will be implemented during stretch goals

    my aha moment came from css and getting the modal to look just right
# JUNE 7TH 2023


# JUNE 6TH 2023
    closing issues that forgor to do before.
    qq

# JUNE 5TH 2023
    Started creating unit tests as a team,
    and a little bit of css playing around in the
    evening.

    Our aha moment came when we found out we needed
    an __init__.py in the tests folder in order for
    it to be able to grab components from our parent
    directory.


# JUNE 2ND 2023
    Worked on the search box for location today

    aha moment came with using window.location.reload
    to refresh a component when updating gfrom another
    component


# JUNE 1ST 2023
    Work as a group on getting longitude and lat
    from a address // string by calling google
    geocoding api

    also pair programmed with dara on creating
    a api endpoint in our backend for getting
    pins in a radius of a long and lat

    my aha moment was when we found out why
    we couldn't get our longitude and latitude
    from the backend pin object.

# MAY 24TH 2023
    // My Bday 🎉
    Had bit of headache

    Today we worked on the pin form login and sign up
    and the logout button

    My aha moment came when we got the logout function
    from the jwt package working.

# MAY 23RD 2023
    Lots and lots and lots of bugs today no really big
    progress.

    Aha moment today did not come for me.

# MAY 22ND 2023
    Worked on CSS for Pin alone while others worked on
    different components

    Today we worked on in total the nav bar, the profile
    page, and the pin css all together.

    My aha moment was messing with the position of certain
    elements, position relative and absolute was key.

# MAY 17TH 2023
    Worked on authentication of accounts with the team

    We wrote a bunch of python trying to get authentication
    to work with our MongoDB
    We tested a bunch with the FastAPI docs but to no avail
    we ended up needing assistance.

    My aha moment today was when I became driver at the end
    and got mad confused because my mongodb wasn't working anymore
    turns out I had to delete and recreate it because I populated it
    when testing to see if it worked when we first created it. Before
    we swapped mongo versions.

# MAY 16TH 2023
    Worked on displaying a map with the google api

    We had to setup a google account to have our api be able
    to communicate the right data. We wrote a bunch of jsx and
    javascript and messed around with the key's location a lot

    The aha moment today was when we figured out the error was
    caused by a keyword being misspelled very slightly. When
    center was named correctly it all clicked together.

# MAY 15TH 2023
    We concepted how we wanted out database model to look today

    We wrote some python to try and get the layout correct as
    well as write some instructional api examples for the project
