journals/DARA_KARBASSIOON.md, before:

## June 1, 2023

Today, Craig and I worked on putting together the locations filtered by latitude and longitude.

## May 31, 2023

Today we worked on:

        improving the UI
I was the driver, and we worked on getting our pinCard form and visuals up and appealing.

## May 30, 2023

Today we worked on:

        trying to fix the login problem

Unfortunately we still have trouble with the login. The userData is still undefined. Just started the map stuff now. Need to access all user pins to show them on the map.

## May 26, 2023

Today we worked on:

        Front end profile things

I am driving today. We are removing hard coded elements which should be dynamic. But we are having trouble syncing state across different components. Violet said that we should try using useContext or useReducer to solve this without Redux.

## May 25, 2023

Today we worked on:

        Making the profile page

Craig was the driver today, and we worked on fetching profile data based on the user. Made the endpoints restful, too.

## May 24, 2023

Today we worked on:

        creating a pin form component

Andrew was the driver for today. We worked together on creating the pin form component.


## May 23, 2023

Today we worked on:

        fixing the login problem.

We couldn't get the login token and authorization to work properly and Jonathan ended up finding the solution.

## May 22, 2023

Today we worked on:

        adding css on the nav bar

##  May 18, 2023

Today, we worked on:

    Continuing defining our models for our FASTApi backend.

Craig is the driver today, and we are making our Pins models. We added the ability to make a Pin object and list Pins. We also learned that female turkeys don't have beards. Additionally, I drove and made the skeletons of 2 front end components.


## May 17, 2023

Today, we worked on:

    Setting up authentication for user login and logout and making a token.

There was a lot of trouble and debugging going on that we had to have SEIRs come and help with. In the end we didn't find the source of the problem as we had the same code as our SEIRs, and ended up copying the code from one of them.

## May 16, 2023

Today, I worked on:

    Setting up the pins.py FastAPI backend. 

We started defining the models in our application.

## May 15, 2023

Today, I worked on: 

    setting up the Google Maps API and displaying it in the browser.

We worked as a team to put together basic home page for our SPA React App. One ah-ha moment was when we were struggling to get  the map to display and we found a spelling error in one of our variables.

Commit message:

added a journal entry. Attempting to close issues
Closes #8, #9

journals/DARA_KARBASSIOON.md, after:

## June 2, 2023

We are all working on separate things this morning. I created and solved some issues regarding the nav bar, such as being able to access the profile page when not logged in and restricting making a post when not logged in.

## June 1, 2023

Today, Craig and I worked on putting together the locations filtered by latitude and longitude.

## May 31, 2023

Today we worked on:

        improving the UI
I was the driver, and we worked on getting our pinCard form and visuals up and appealing.

## May 30, 2023

Today we worked on:

        trying to fix the login problem

Unfortunately we still have trouble with the login. The userData is still undefined. Just started the map stuff now. Need to access all user pins to show them on the map.

## May 26, 2023

Today we worked on:

        Front end profile things

I am driving today. We are removing hard coded elements which should be dynamic. But we are having trouble syncing state across different components. Violet said that we should try using useContext or useReducer to solve this without Redux.

## May 25, 2023

Today we worked on:

        Making the profile page

Craig was the driver today, and we worked on fetching profile data based on the user. Made the endpoints restful, too.

## May 24, 2023

Today we worked on:

        creating a pin form component

Andrew was the driver for today. We worked together on creating the pin form component.


## May 23, 2023

Today we worked on:

        fixing the login problem.

We couldn't get the login token and authorization to work properly and Jonathan ended up finding the solution.

## May 22, 2023

Today we worked on:

        adding css on the nav bar

##  May 18, 2023

Today, we worked on:

    Continuing defining our models for our FASTApi backend.

Craig is the driver today, and we are making our Pins models. We added the ability to make a Pin object and list Pins. We also learned that female turkeys don't have beards. Additionally, I drove and made the skeletons of 2 front end components.


## May 17, 2023

Today, we worked on:

    Setting up authentication for user login and logout and making a token.

There was a lot of trouble and debugging going on that we had to have SEIRs come and help with. In the end we didn't find the source of the problem as we had the same code as our SEIRs, and ended up copying the code from one of them.

## May 16, 2023

Today, I worked on:

    Setting up the pins.py FastAPI backend. 

We started defining the models in our application.

## May 15, 2023

Today, I worked on: 

    setting up the Google Maps API and displaying it in the browser.

We worked as a team to put together basic home page for our SPA React App. One ah-ha moment was when we were struggling to get  the map to display and we found a spelling error in one of our variables.
