journals/dara.md, before:

##  May 18, 2023

Today, we worked on:

    Continuing defining our models for our FASTApi backend.

Craig is the driver today, and we are making our Pins models. We added the ability to make a Pin object and list Pins. We also learned that female turkeys don't have beards.


## May 17, 2023

Today, we worked on:

    Setting up authentication for user login and logout and making a token.

There was a lot of trouble and debugging going on that we had to have SEIRs come and help with. In the end we didn't find the source of the problem as we had the same code as our SEIRs, and ended up copying the code from one of them.

## May 16, 2023

Today, I worked on:

    Setting up the pins.py FastAPI backend. 

We started defining the models in our application.

## May 15, 2023

Today, I worked on: 

    setting up the Google Maps API and displaying it in the browser.

We worked as a team to put together basic home page for our SPA React App. One ah-ha moment was when we were struggling to get  the map to display and we found a spelling error in one of our variables.

Commit message:

made routes and started the nav

journals/dara.md, after:

## May 22, 2023

Today

##  May 18, 2023

Today, we worked on:

    Continuing defining our models for our FASTApi backend.

Craig is the driver today, and we are making our Pins models. We added the ability to make a Pin object and list Pins. We also learned that female turkeys don't have beards. Additionally, I drove and made the skeletons of 2 front end components.


## May 17, 2023

Today, we worked on:

    Setting up authentication for user login and logout and making a token.

There was a lot of trouble and debugging going on that we had to have SEIRs come and help with. In the end we didn't find the source of the problem as we had the same code as our SEIRs, and ended up copying the code from one of them.

## May 16, 2023

Today, I worked on:

    Setting up the pins.py FastAPI backend. 

We started defining the models in our application.

## May 15, 2023

Today, I worked on: 

    setting up the Google Maps API and displaying it in the browser.

We worked as a team to put together basic home page for our SPA React App. One ah-ha moment was when we were struggling to get  the map to display and we found a spelling error in one of our variables.
